Pietro Aragones- that papaer on steve's store you know what I am talking about, the funny poster on the store with the thing on it and funny stuff lmao yeah uhhh peratty cool stuff especially because it is 3D and on steve's store I mean what could be better than a png of a a 3D model on steve's store, I mean, steve likes it, bobert does, I do, YOU DO. What a happy family, actually, this reminds me of a long long story about a gun I had and I shoot a cow and stuff happened, like, really cool stuff, so cool in fact, that I wrote about it RIGHT NOW RIGHT HERE. Crazy right? I mean, who else wold talk about that publicly, actually, I know who wold. I have a friend called Milky on discord and OMG, he wold totally tell you about it, like, he wold tell you anything about it! He wold tell you about the lake, and he wold even tell you that he knows the bodies in the water! Actually one of the bodies reminds me of another good story. THE STORY OF GREAT JOSH, THE ONE THAT ATE GRASS. Yeah that story actually, is so cool. Listen here, I'll tell ya the story. So it goes something like this:

    She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
    She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
    He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
    If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
    They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
    He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
    Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
    Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
    She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
    I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
    Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
    I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
    You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
    It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
    The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
    The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
    I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
    It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
    While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
    It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
    The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
    The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
    I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
    He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
    The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
    He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
    On each full moon
    She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
    He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
    As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
    I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
    It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
    The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
    Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
    People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
    Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
    She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
    The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
    People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
    Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
    Having no hair made him look even hairier.
    Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
    Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
    She found his complete dullness interesting.
    They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
    Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
    Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
    He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
    He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
    Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.

Preatty good story right? I know, I love it too, my grandmother told me about it, when we were kids. I used to take my microwave to school because I thought it was a dog! AHAHA, oh... good times... good times... welp, I guess it is time for me to go!Have fun waiting for Jodie to make another game!
bye!
like, for real now
bye...
I SAID BYE
ADHJSJADHUSIJAHDLSAHDAOIK
